Recipe for Boiled Egg:

This is a complex recipe, so please follow closely.

1. Get water into a boiling pan, be sure to use a boiling pan, and not the fryng pan. If you are not sure you have one, buy one on amazon. if you need to know how to buy on amazon, google it.

2. Use only water, I know its tempting to use melted cheese, or if you are Asian like me, then coke or soy sauce. but show some restraint and use water only. Its the second most ingredient.

3. Get some eggs, and no you can't buy them on amazon. You buy them on amazon fresh. Or if you are in a hurry and can't wait for 1 day delivery, go to your local grocery store or farmer's market and get eggs from there. Remember to use bird eggs, as most other eggs may or may not work. And please don't ask your lady friends for theirs 
either, that's just gross.

4. Now that you have the boiling pan, water and eggs, put them all together. Remember I didn't say stick them together, but simply put the water and eggs in the boiling pan. 

5. Next you will need to boil the water. For that you need to provide heat, try and using a stove for that. I know you lazy folks want to use a microwave or an oven, but for best results use a stove. 

6. Let the water boil, to check if the water is boiling, you can put your finger in it, if you get 3rd degree burns you are doing it right, in terms of boiling water I mean. Your finger needs medical attention.

7. Boil the eggs, until the water evaporates and you are only left with half of what you started, I mean half of water. I know it may sound strange losing half of your water to thin air, but that's how magic works. Don't bust your brains on it, even if you don't have any. 

8. After that, put some cold water in the boiling pan, and then drain all the water out, repeat it 101 times for good luck. You might need it.

9. Now you will see the eggs look the same but are heavier. Don't put too much thought into it, you might run out of them. Just peel off the upper hard shell and you will be left with a smooth shiny soft surface. I know what you are thinking but no, you can't do that to other things, it only works on eggs.

10. Now that you have your boiled eggs, do whatever you want to with them. Most people like to eat them, but if you had other purposes, have at it. Just don't tell me about it. EVER.

There you have it, I hope there's no confusion. I know I didn't say how many eggs and how much water, but if I have to spoonfeed you that information, then you should not attempt this recipe. Ask a smarter adult to do this for you. 

ENJOY!!
